Add docs for hipInfo and related build and tests (#5903)
ROCm/rocm-systems: projects/hip-tests/README.md

The hip-tests repository maintains several branches. The branches that are of importance are:

> * Main branch: This is the stable branch. It is up to date with the latest release branch, for example, if the latest release is `release/rocm-rel-7.2`, the `main` branch will be based on this release branch.

Reviewer: Is the branch description still valid? I don't see a `main` branch on this repository.

Author: I am looking into it.

Reviewer: My guess is that this should be merged with the description of `develop`.

> * Main branch: This is the stable branch. It is up to date with the latest release branch, for example, if the latest release is `release/rocm-rel-7.2`, the `main` branch will be based on this release branch.

Reviewer 2: Now, there is no branch named "main". we can remove this part.

> * Main branch: This is the stable branch. It is up to date with the latest release branch, for example, if the latest release is `release/rocm-rel-7.2`, the `main` branch will be based on this release branch.

Author: ```suggestion
```

* Develop branch: This is the default branch, on which the new features are still under development and visible. While this may be of interest to many, it should be noted that this branch and the features under development might not be stable.

> * Release branches: These are branches corresponding to each ROCM release, listed with release tags, such as `rocm-7.2.0`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Release branches: These are branches corresponding to each ROCm release, listed with release tags, such as `rocm-7.2.0`.
```

> * Release branches: These are branches corresponding to each ROCm release, listed with release tags, such as `rocm-7.2.0`.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* Release branches: Branches corresponding to each ROCm or TheRock release, identified by release tags such as `rocm-7.2.0` (ROCm) and `release/TheRock7.12` (TheRock)..
```

## Release tagging

> `hip-tests` releases typically follow a naming convention for each ROCM release to help differentiate them.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`hip-tests` releases typically follow a naming convention for each ROCm release to help differentiate them.
```

> * `rocm-x.yy`: These are the stable releases based on the ROCM release.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `rocm-x.yy`: These are the stable releases based on the ROCm release.
```

> * `rocm-x.yy`: These are the stable releases based on the ROCm release.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
hip-tests releases use a naming convention aligned with ROCm or TheRock versions to ensure clear version differentiation:

* `rocm-x.yz`: Stable releases mapped to a specific ROCm version
* `release/TheRock-x.yz`: Stable releases mapped to a specific TheRock version
```

$ cd rocm-systems/projects/hip-tests
$ export HIP_TESTS_DIR="$(readlink -f .)"
```

`hip-tests` for AMD platform now use `amdclang++` to compile code. This is included with the ROCm installation.

> Although individual tests can be compiled with `hipcc`, ideally you should use `amdclang++`.

Reviewer: I think we could use some explanation here. Maybe a link to someplace on the docs where we explain why we prefer `amdclang++` over `hipcc`.

### Build HIP Catch2 standalone test

The main function provided by `Catch2` is now used to build standalone tests. The test suite has been upgraded to Catch2 v3 (specifically v3.8.1). This transition from v2 to v3 introduced several significant changes in how Catch2 integrates with hip-tests. Most importantly, Catch2 is no longer a single-header library; it is now a compiled library that must be linked into the test executable.

> Note: `standalone_main.cc` which was previously used, has been removed. 

Reviewer: Are the commas right here?
